Docs: Clearer documentation on using variables inside a ui-template (#982)
FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard: docs/nodes/widgets/ui-template.md

Any variables that you want to render into your `<template />` are done so in one of two ways:

::: v-pre
- **Attribute Binding** - Use `:` to bind a variable to an attribute. Anything inside the `""` here is treated as JavaScript, for example: 

```html
<p :class="msg.payload">Hello World</p>
````

> or, if we want to modify `msg.payload` before using it:

Reviewer: Somewhat open to interpretation - it reads like "this is how you can modify msg.payload" to me.

```suggestion
or, if you want to use `msg.payload` as part of the value, you can do this:
```

```html
<p :class="'class-variant--' + msg.payload">Hello World</p>
````

```html
<p :class="`class-variant--${msg.payload}`">Hello World</p>

> ````

Reviewer: I feel these examples are a little bit too abstract to serve as a good example.

Perhaps something more common and usable OOTB like changing text colour based on payload?

example 1
```html
<!-- Change color based on msg.payload. Expects payload to be either "error", "warning" or "info" -->`
<p :class="'text-' + msg.payload">Hello World</p>
```

example 2
```html
<!-- 
  Change color based on the value of msg.payload: 
  * When msg.payload equals "error", set text to the predefined `text-error` color. 
  * Otherwise, set text to the predefined `text-info` color.
-->
<p :class="msg.payload === 'error' ? 'text-error' : 'text-info'">Hello World</p>
```

> - **Text Interpolation** - Use `{{ }}` to interpolate a variable into the text of an element. Similarly to above, anything here is treated as Javascript. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Text Interpolation** - Use `{{ }}` to interpolate a variable into the text of an element. Anything inside the curly brackets is treated as JavaScript. For example:
```

Sugestion

```html
<p>Hello {{ msg.payload }}</p>
```

```html
<p>Percentage {{ msg.payload * 100 }}%</p>
```

### Built-in Variables

You have access to a number of built-in variables in your `ui-template` node:

- `id` - The ID of the `ui-template` node, assigned by Node-RED.
- `msg` - The last message received by the `ui-template` node.
- `$socket` - The socket.io connection that is used to communicate with the Node-RED backend.

> When accessing the `msg` variable inside a `<script />` tag, you need to prepend `this.` to the variable name to tell the component that you're accessing a component-bound variable, and not just a locally-defined variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When accessing the `msg` variable inside a `<script />` tag, you need to prefix the variable name with `this.` (e.g. `this.msg.payload`) so that it knows you're accessing the component-bound `msg` variable.
```

> ***Important Note:*** On first load, `msg.payload` may be `null` or `undefined`, and trying to access a nested value will throw an error. Using the conditional operator (`?`), e.g. `msg.payload?.nested?.value`, will not throw an error if `msg.payload` is `null` or `undefined`, whereas `msg.payload.nested.value` will.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Important Note:*** On first load, `msg.payload` may be `null` or `undefined`, and trying to access a nested property will throw an error. Using the **optional chaining** (?.) operator, e.g. `msg.payload?.nested?.property` will prevent these errors occuring.
```
